# What Does It Mean to Love Your Neighbor As Yourself?

"Did you fill out the survey?" Bill Hake asked.

"I will," Jeff Pine said. "Sorry, I've been really busy. Jenny made me put in a new dishwasher over the weekend."

"Dude, Josh Stevens is *tonight*. That survey took me about four hours. It's more like an exam."

"Don't worry," Jeff said. "I'll get it. 

"Josh Stevens," the famous TED talker, author, marketer, and 'though leader' was in town for a soiree at some rich people's house. The event was invitation only for about thirty people to hang out and drink with the guy. The only requirement, in addition to being well-enough connected to score an invitation, was to arrive with a completed "survey."

The survey was actually a forty-eight-page book. The questions were personal. There were no yes-no questions. There were some preference questions where you circled your preferred choice, but most required a short sentence, a paragraph, or brief essay. Very Josh Stevens-ish, Bill thought.

Bill's friend Lowell Smith (his "eight-figure friend") offered him the invitations a week ago. Lowell knew Bill was a huge fan of Josh Stevens. 

"You don't want to go?" Bill had asked Lowell.

"Not really," Lowell said. "I try to keep Monday evenings free. Besides, you're a little closer to the marketing world than I am. You'll get more out of it and, probably, make it more interesting for the other guests. And I don't feel like filling out this book." 

"What book?" Bill asked.

"The price of admission is filling out about a fifty-page survey. Weird questions. I guess Josh is using the information for a project he's working on. A book or something."

"Oh, se we're the product?"

Lowell chuckled. "Yeah, something like that. The questions aren't super personal . . . 'What scares the hell out of you at least once a weak' . . . that sort of thing. But I don't have time for that kind of reflection."

That was last Tuesday. Bill's wife hated events like this, so she passed immediately. Bill's next call was to his friend and colleague, Jeff Pine. 

Jeff is actually the guy who introduced Bill to Josh's blog and books about ten years earlier. 